DP-35078 increase in js errors unintended toc display on pages (#2692)
massgov/openmass: docs/peer_review_checklist.md

- [ ] Is the logic in the right place?
- [ ] If the code implements functional behavior that should occur regardless of the theming, it should be in a module. (We have not been good about this).
- [ ] If it is purely presentational, can the logic be in the template? (unless it is Mass.gov specific logic and a Mayflower template).

> - [ ] If the Drupal core was updated - does all changes from the scaffold files were applied to our version controlled files as well? (.htaccess, settings.php, services.yml, development.services.yml etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If Drupal core was updated, do all changes from the scaffold files apply to our version-controlled files as well? (e.g. .htaccess, settings.php, services.yml, development.services.yml, etc.)
```

## Mayflower Integration
All openmass feature development PRs that require Mayflower changes must pass all these checks before **squashing and merging** into develop:
- [ ] Both the Mayflower and Openmass PRs reviewed and approved
- [ ] **Squash and merge** the corresponding Mayflower PR into develop

> - [ ] After the Mayflower develop circleCI tasks are done, in the Openmass branch, resolve merge conflicts with the develop branch and run `composer require massgov/mayflower-artifacts:dev-develop`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] After the Mayflower develop CircleCI tasks are done, in the Openmass branch, resolve merge conflicts with the develop branch and run `composer require massgov/mayflower-artifacts:dev-develop`.
```

- [ ] Commit and push up the composer.lock changes. (mayflower-artifacts should be pointing to the latest `dev-develop` version)
- [ ] All circleCI tests are green on the Openmass branch

## JavaScript/CSS update

> - [] If JavaScript/CSS were modified - does version of the library definition incremented?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [] If JavaScript/CSS were modified - was the version of the library definition incremented?
```

> - [] If JavaScript/CSS were modified - does version of the definition library incremented?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [] If JavaScript/CSS were modified - does version of the library definition incremented?
```
Just thinking about this one, are you referring to the version defined here? docroot/modules/custom/mayflower/mayflower.libraries.yml

Author: @tom-fleming  I meant changes in all *.libraries.yml which we maintain. In custom modules and in our custom themes. And if JS/CSS were changed - the library version MUST be changed, there are no “should”. We always must bump the library definition version if CSS/JS was changed after 10.1.x otherwise it can lead to performance / aggregation issues (actually that what we have now).  I am not 100% that this is the only root of the problem, but it can one of it.
